Bleeding injury. Please explain to everyone quickly.
How can we have product inspection in our store?
rest assured. Leave it to me.
Sister. How did this inspection item appear in the store?
We don't know yet. I can give you two compensation packages in advance now.
one. You can choose three items in the store.
second. After I investigate these matters clearly,
I'll apologize to you again. Are you sure there is no product inspection in this store?
Don't worry about this. If there is another test product,
We all stayed home and went. Then let's reconcile.
Thanks to the three people who helped Wangyuan Jewelry get its name back late.
Otherwise, it will take more than ten years for Wangyuan to
I'm going to be ruined by a villain.
You can go and see it
If there is another banquet
Mom wants to live a better life together.
I can't help but take a look.
Is there any food for the banquet?
If you want to be in the store, there will be no more checks and scams.
We have something else to do, so let’s go first
It's really hard over here.